What!
You said that you said that these things depend on the synthesis of Bai Fang and Chen, right?
Bai Fang was only arranged by Brother God's will to come in and fish
What's the technology?
I think you guys were bribed by him.
Deliberately not synthesizing the formula
You are all employees of the company
What good does it do you when the company collapses?
Bai is always the world's top formulator
His cosmeceutical formula is the treasure that countless rich wives want
None of us here can compare to him
Okay, you can't even compare to a piece of trash
What's the use of keeping you
You are here to cheat 3 times the salary, right?
Brother Providence, hurry up and drive them all away
I don't believe it.
How can I believe that he is the only formulator in the world?
You losers
Don't come with me from tomorrow
Are you all right?
Our resignation letter is already on the desk
Now you're begging us to do something
We used to work overtime day and night in the company
All the credit goes to green tea
A boss like you can't be compared to Mr. Bai at all
And we are brought by Mr. Bai himself.
Where to go is not an annual salary of millions
Who looks down on rubbish like you?
Now that the money is broken, you just wait for it to go bankrupt
Family let's go
Take the trash boss, believe green tea, don't believe us
Not worthy of us leaving
Roll roll roll
A group of flies